How does the Internet work?
---------------------------
The Internet is the backbone of the Web, the technical infrastructure that makes the Web possible.
... the Internet is a large network of computers which communicate all together.

... history ... It began in the 1960s as a US-army-funded research project.
Then evolved into a public infrastructure in the 1980s ...

Internet is a way to connect computers all together and ensure that, whatever happens,
they find a way to stay connected.

Deeper dive
A simple network
When 2 computers need to communicate, you have to link them, either physically (... Ethernet cable)
or wirelessly (... Wi-Fi or Bluetooth systems)

... each computer on a network is connected to a special tiny computer called a router.
This router has only one job: like a signaler at a railway station, 
it makes sure that a message sent from a given computer, arrives at the right destination computer.

To send a message to computer B, computer A must sent the message to the router,
which in turn forwards the message to computer B and makes sure the message is not delivered to computer C.

A network of networks

... a router is a computer like any other, ...

By connecting computers to routers, then routers to routers, we are able to scale infinitely.

...
There are other networks out there: ...
The telephone infrastructure already connects your house with anyone in the world so it is the perfect wire we need.
To connect our network to the telephone infrastructure, we need a special piece of equipment called a modem.
This modem turns the information from our network into information managable 
by the telephone infrastructure and vice versa.

The next step is to send the messages from our network to the network we want to reach.
To do that, we will connect our network to an Internet Service Provider (ISP).

An ISP is a company that manages some special routers that are all linked together 
and can also access other ISP's routers.

Finding computers
If you want to send a message to a computer, you have to specify which one.
Thus any computer linked to a network has a unique address that identifies it, called an "IP address" (Internet Protocol)
It is an address made of a series of four numbers separated by dots,
192.0.2.172

...
... we can alias an IP address with a human-readable name called a domain name.
... IP addresses can change. 

Internet and the web <------------------------------------------------------------- **
...
..., the Internet is a technical infrastructure which allows billions of computers to be connected all together. 
Among those computers, some computers (called Web servers) can send messages intelligible to web browsers.
The Internet is an infrastructure, whereas the Web is a service built on top of the infrastructure.

... several other services on top of the Internet, such as email and IRC (Internet Relay Chat).

Intranets and Extranets
Intranets are private networks that are restricted to members of a particular organization.
The are commonly used to provide a portal for members to ...

Extranets are very simialr to Intranets, except they open all or part of a private network 
to allow sharing and collaboration with other organizations.

Both intranets and extranets run on the same kind of infrastructure as the Internet,
and use the same protocols.