What is an API (Application Programming Interface)?
---------------------------------------------------
... you can think of an API as a waiter in a restaurant who listens to your order request, 
goes to the chef, ...

... the API is responsible to send your request to the DB and responds with the output.
...
API ... is a collection of communication protocols and subroutins used by various programs to communicate between them.

An API acts as a communication medium between 2 programs ... <------------ **

Steps followed ...
The client initiates the requests via the APIs URI (Uniform Resource Identifier)
The API makes a call to the server after receiving the request
Then the server sends the response back to the API with the information
Finally, the API transfers the data to the client

...
To provide additional security layers to the data, HTTP headers, query string parameters, or cookies are used.

.. API's architectures are: <----------------- **
REST 
SOAP

... a web application is a network-based resource, responsible for completing a single task.

Types of APIs
...
REST (Representational State Transfer):
It makes use of HTTP to GET, POST, PUT, or DELETE data.

What are REST APIs?
REST stands for ... and follows the constraints of REST architecture 
allowing interaction with RESTful web services.
It defines a set of functions (GET, ...) that clients use to access server data.

The functions used are:
GET (retreive a record)
PUT (update a record)
POST (create a record)
DELETE (delete a record)

Its main feature is that REST API is stateless, i.e., the server do not save client's data between requests.

What is a Web API?
Web API is simply an API for the web. 
It is an API that can be accessed using the HTTP protocol.

REST
... lightweight and needs less bandwidth
It permits different data formats such as plain text, HTML, XML, JSON, etc.
REST calls can be cached.

API testing is a kind of software testing that analyzes an API in terms of its functionality, 
security, performance, and reliability.

... API endpoints ... 

API Testing Tools
Postman
