What is a web server?
---------------------
The term web server can refer to hardware or software or both of them working together.

1. On the hardware side, a web server is a computer that stores web server software and 
a website's component files (... HTML documents, images, CSS stylesheets and JS files)

2. On the software side, 
a web server includes several parts that control how web users access hosted files. <------------ **

At a minimum, this is an HTTP server. 
An HTTP server is software that understands URLs (web addresses) and 
HTTP (the protocol your browser uses to view webpages). 

An HTTP server can be accessed through the domain names of the websites it stores, <------------- **
and it delivers the content of these hosted websites to the end user's device.

..., whenever a browser needs a file that is hosted on a web server, 
the browser requests the file via HTTP. 

When the request reaches the correct (hardware) web server, the (software) HTTP server accepts the request, 
finds the requested document, and sends it back to the browser, also through HTTP. 
(If the server doesn't find the requested document, it returns a 404 response instead.)

To publish a website, you need either a static or a dynamic web server.

A static web server, or stack, consists of a computer (hardware) with an HTTP server (software). 
We call it "static" because the server sends its hosted files as-is to your browser.

A dynamic web server consists of a static web server plus extra software, 
most commonly an application server and a DB. 

We call it "dynamic" because the application server updates the hosted files 
before sending content to your browser via the HTTP server.

Hosting files <--------------- ***

First, a web server has to store the website's files, namely all HTML documents and their related assets, 
including images, CSS stylesheets, JavaScript files, fonts, and video.

... it's far more convenient to store files all on a dedicated web server because:
A dedicated web server is typically more available (up and running).
Excluding downtime and system troubles, a dedicated web server is always connected to the Internet.
A dedicated web server can have the same IP address all the time. This is known as a dedicated IP address.

Communicating through HTTP
Second, a web server provides support for HTTP (Hypertext Transfer Protocol). 
As its name implies, HTTP specifies how to transfer hypertext (linked web documents) between two computers.

A Protocol is a set of rules for communication between two computers. 
HTTP is a textual, stateless protocol.

Stateless
Neither the server nor the client remember previous communications.
... You need an application server for tasks like that.

...
A server can also populate data into a client cache, in advance of it being requested, 
through a mechanism called server push.

On a web server, the HTTP server is responsible for processing and answering incoming requests.

Static vs. dynamic content

... a server can serve either static or dynamic content. 
... the term static means "served as-is".

The term dynamic means that the server processes the content or even generates it on the fly from a DB. 
This approach provides more flexibility, but the technical stack is more complex, ...