What are hyperlinks?
--------------------
Hyperlinks, usually called links, are a foundational concept behind the Web.

Back in 1989, Tim Berners-Lee, the Web's inventor, ...
... three pillars on which the Web stands:

URL, an address system that keeps track of Web documents
HTTP, a transfer protocol to find documents when given their URLs
HTML, a document format allowing for embedded hyperlinks

... everything on the Web revolves around documents and how to access them.

Links can correlate (connect) any text string with a URL, 
such that the user can instantly reach the target document by activating the link.

Links stand out from the surrounding text by being underlined and in blue text. 
Tap or click a link to activate it, or if you use a keyboard, 
press Tab until the link is in focus and hit Enter or Spacebar.

...  a link is a text string tied to a URL, 
and we use links to allow easy jumping from one document to another.

Types of links

Internal link
A link between two webpages, where both webpages belong to the same website, is called an internal link. 
Without internal links, there's no such thing as a website (unless, of course, it's a one-page website).

External link
A link from your webpage to someone else's webpage. 
Without external links, there is no Web, since the Web is a network of webpages. 
Use external links to provide information besides the content available through your webpage.

Incoming links
A link from someone else's webpage to your site. It's the opposite of an external link. 
Note that you don't have to link back when someone links to your site.

... as a rule, whenever you add a new webpage, 
make sure at least one of your other pages links to that new page.

Anchors
Most links tie two webpages together. 
Anchors tie two sections of one document together. 
When you follow a link pointing to an anchor, 
your browser jumps to another part of the current document instead of loading a new document. 
However, you make and use anchors the same way as other links.

Links and Search Engines
Links matter both to users and search engines. Every time search engines crawl a webpage, 
they index the website by following the links available on the webpage. 
Search engines not only follow links to discover the various pages of the website, 
but they also use the link's visible text to determine which search queries are appropriate for <------- ****
reaching the target webpage.

Links influence how readily a search engine will link to your site. 

External links influence the search ranking both of source and target webpages, but it is unclear by how much.