Installing and uninstalling web apps
------------------------------------

History of web app installation
-------------------------------
Browsers have always enabled saving shortcuts to websites, known as "bookmarking." 
These are just links to websites.

Some operating systems (OS) have enhanced bookmarking capabilities, enabling saving bookmarks to common places, 
such as the home screen or taskbar, with an icon launching the site in the OS's default browser.

For many websites, this is also just a link to the site. 
If the site is a Progressive Web Applications (PWA), saving to home screen installs the PWA on the user's device, 
fully integrating it into the operating systems like native applications on most devices. 
Just like PWAs can be installed, they can also be uninstalled.

Bookmarking websites
--------------------
All browsers have add-to-favorites bookmark functionality. 
A bookmark, or favorite, is a clickable shortcut for a web page. 
Bookmarks enable quick access to websites without the user having to enter a URL or otherwise search for content. 
Bookmarking is especially useful for long URLs and accessing frequently visited content that is not the site's homepage.

All browsers enable users to view and manage their bookmarks, including renaming and deleting favorites. 
By default, the bookmark's display includes the text content of the bookmarked page's <title> element along with an icon consisting of the site's favicon.

Browsers enable saving, editing, moving, deleting, and otherwise managing bookmarks. 
The UI for bookmark management differs by browser.

Add to home screen
------------------
Smartphones,..., added "save to home screen" functionality. 
For regular (non-PWA) websites, this feature is similar to bookmarks, 
but instead of adding the favicon and title of the page to the bookmarks menu — a browser feature — 
favoriting in this manner adds an icon to the OS's home screen.

Adding a non-PWA site to the home screen does not install the website on the device. 
Rather, it adds the developer-defined icon to the home screen, that, when clicked, opens the bookmarked link in the default browser.

If the site added to the home screen is a PWA, the PWA will be installed on the device.

Deleting the icon from the home screen removes the bookmark. 
The deletion confirmation provides information as to whether deleting the icon deletes a bookmark or entire application.

Installing and uninstalling PWAs
--------------------------------

Installing PWAs
---------------
...
Uninstalling
------------
...



