Installing and uninstalling web apps
------------------------------------
...

History of web app installation
-------------------------------
Browsers have always enabled saving shortcuts to websites, known as "bookmarking." <--------- *
These are just links to websites.
...

Bookmarking websites
--------------------
All browsers have add-to-favorites bookmark functionality. 
A bookmark, or favorite, is a clickable shortcut for a web page. 
Bookmarks enable quick access to websites without the user having to enter a URL or otherwise search for content. 
Bookmarking is especially useful for long URLs and accessing frequently visited content that is not the site's homepage.

All browsers enable users to view and manage their bookmarks, including renaming and deleting favorites. 
By default, the bookmark's display includes the text content of the bookmarked page's <title> element along with an icon consisting of the site's favicon.

Browsers enable saving, editing, moving, deleting, and otherwise managing bookmarks. 
The UI for bookmark management differs by browser.

Add to home screen
------------------
Smartphones, ..., added "save to home screen" functionality. 
For regular (non-PWA) websites, this feature is similar to bookmarks, 
but instead of adding the favicon and title of the page to the bookmarks menu — a browser feature — 
favoriting in this manner adds an icon to the OS's home screen.

Adding a non-PWA site to the home screen does not install the website on the device. <-------------- **
Rather, it adds the developer-defined icon to the home screen, that, when clicked, opens the bookmarked link in the default browser.

If the site added to the home screen is a PWA, the PWA will be installed on the device.

Deleting the icon from the home screen removes the bookmark. 
The deletion confirmation provides information as to whether deleting the icon deletes a bookmark or entire application.

Installing and uninstalling PWAs
--------------------------------
...
installing a PWA more deeply integrates the web application on the user's device.

Depending on the PWA, device, and features of the operating system and browser, installing a PWA may enable native-like features, 
such as giving the app its own standalone window or registering it as a file handler. 
This also means uninstalling a PWA, which also only requires a couple of clicks, does more than just removing the PWA's icon.

Installing PWAs
---------------
The UI for installing a PWA from the web, varies from one browser to another, and from one platform to another.

The user interface for installing PWAs differs by device and OS combination. 
...
... clicking on the application icon opens the PWA, even when the user is offline. <-------------- *

Installing PWAs
---------------
The UI for installing a PWA from the web, varies from one browser to another, and from one platform to another.
... "Add to homes screen" ...

The user interface for installing PWAs differs by device and OS combination. 

Firefox requires a PWA extension.

When an installed PWA is launched, it can be displayed in its own standalone window (without the full browser UI) 
but it still effectively runs in a browser window, <------------- *** 
even if the usual browser UI elements, 
such as the address bar or back button, aren't visible. 

The application will be found where the OS saves other applications, within a folder specific to the browser.

PWAs installed by a browser remain specific to this browser. <--------------- ***
This means that the browser that was used to install a PWA is the one used to run that PWA. 
It also means that you can install the same PWA from a different browser and 
that the two apps will behave as two different instances and will not share any data. <--------------- ***

The browser used to install the PWA will know the PWA is installed, 
but other browsers will NOT have access to the installed status. <--------------- *
For example, if you install a PWA using MS Edge, 
Edge will prompt you to open the PWA when you visit the site while Chrome will continue to prompt you to install the application. 
If you install the PWA using Chrome as well, you will have two copies of the PWA. <--------------- **
When multiple instances of a PWA are open, data is not shared between instances installed from different browsers. <----------- ***

When you tap the web app's icon, it opens up in the browser environment that installed the PWA, <-------------- *
generally without the browser's UI around it, 
though that depends on the way the developer configured the web app manifest. <-------------- **

Similarly, the method used to uninstall the PWA depends on the browser that was used to install it.

Uninstalling
------------
On most mobile operating systems, uninstalling a PWA is accomplished in the same way as uninstalling other applications. 
..., PWAs appear in the same control panel where applications downloaded from app stores are managed and can be uninstalled there.

On iOS, long tapping an icon surfaces the delete bookmark UI; 
removing the icon from the home screen deletes the PWA.

In some desktop operating systems, uninstalling a PWA can be done directly in opened PWA.
...
In Chrome, the list of Google Apps and installed PWAs are viewable and managed by visiting chrome://apps in your Chrome browser. 